Image-url-helper: add documentation for promote command (#4464)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/image-url-helper/README.md

## Overview

> Image URL Helper is a tool that provides three subcommands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image URL Helper is a tool that provides the following subcommands:
```
If we don't mention the number, no need to keep it updated ;)

* The `check` command finds all Helm chart images that don't use the `imageurl` template.
* The `list` command lists all Helm chart images by checking the `values.yaml` files.

> * The `promote` command updates container registry path and Helm chart images versions in the `values.yaml` files. The subcommand also prints out a YAML that can be used by the [Image Syncer](../image-syncer) tool to promote images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `promote` command updates the container registry path and Helm chart images versions in the `values.yaml` files. The subcommand also prints a YAML that can be used by the [Image Syncer](../image-syncer) tool to promote images.
```

| **--resources-directory** |   Yes    | Path to the Kyma resources directory.|
| **--output-format**       |    No    | Name of the output format (JSON/YAML).|
| **--exclude-test-images**  |    No    | Exclude test images from the output.|

### Promote command flags

> See the list of flags available for the `promote` command:

Reviewer: just for my understanding - is this an exhaustive list, or just examples? This sentence implies these are all available commands.

Author: These are all available flags that can be used with the `promote` command
